what did you name your van
vanguard
i would like to take you inside vanguard
desk
storage storage is the most important
thing about converting a van this is my
husband's old fishing box i put this
little latch on it and then when i open
it the stopper holds it
and creates more counter space and then
i keep my really nice stuff inside
this is the kitchen area which pulls out
that becomes
really really valuable in cold weather
so you don't have to be cooking outside
we talked a lot about the character of
fern
how we were going to bring things from
my life from fran's life into fern's
life
one of the ones that i suggested was
crafts
it's not only a way to spend your time
when you're on the road and it's also
ways to
make practical things that you need and
also things for bartering
okay sure wow what is this crochet no
something different one of the things i
offered to the story from my life
is a set of dishes called autumn leaf
my father vernon mcdormand when i
graduated from college he collected a
whole set of these dishes from different
yard sales and gave it to me
as my college graduation gift so
i thought that was something i could
bring to the story that gave it more
personal depth
many people in the vandewell and
community name their vehicles they
become very significant in their lives
and they want them that personalities
and they develop personalities
first name that i thought of was
vanguard
and now it's become very significant to
all of us because
our company is made up of 23
people we're really proud of the fact
that we have
taken the rules bended them never broken
them
that remade them in our own way with a
vanguard
[Music]
you